docs: add agent guidance and threat model (#2828)
validatorjs/validator.js: AGENTS.md

- `build-browser.js` creates the browser bundle. Babel creates the Node and ES module distributions.
- `index.js`, `lib/`, `es/`, `validator.js`, and `validator.min.js` are generated. Do not edit or commit them manually.
- The published package contains only the generated distributions, `README.md`, `LICENSE`, and package metadata listed in the `files` field of `package.json`.
- validator.js has no runtime dependencies. The packages in `devDependencies` are used only to build, lint, and test the project.

## Branching and pull requests

- Normal changes target `master`.
- Keep changes focused on the reported behavior. Avoid unrelated API, formatting, generated-file, or data-table changes.
- Bug fixes should include a focused regression test that fails before the fix and passes afterward.
- Follow the style of recent commit and pull-request titles; the repository does not define a separate title convention in `CONTRIBUTING.md`.

## Install and build

- Use npm for the official build and test path.
- Install development dependencies with `npm install --legacy-peer-deps`, as documented in `CONTRIBUTING.md` and used by CI.

> - Prefer Node.js 24 for local work. CI also tests Node.js 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, 20, and 22, so avoid syntax or runtime APIs unsupported by the intended compatibility range.

Reviewer: Could we make this guidance more generic and avoid hard-coding the CI matrix and future maintenance? 
For example:

```suggestion
- Prefer the latest Node.js LTS release for local development. When adding syntax or runtime APIs, follow the compatibility range declared in `package.json` and verify compatibility with the Node.js versions supported by CI.
```
This keeps the guidance current as the supported Node.js versions and CI matrix change.
